Current Sensor: Mention invalid measured values in docs (#1056)
PowerGridModel/power-grid-model: docs/user_manual/components.md

per method on how the variances are taken into account for both the global and local angle measurement types and for the
individual phases.

```{note}

> Because of the calculations presented in [State estimate sensor transformations](calculations.md#state-estimate-sensor-transformations), `i_measured=0` and `i_angle_measured=n&#960/2` is an invalid measurement.

Author: The invalidness includes pi/2, pi, 3pi/2, ... not just 0

per method on how the variances are taken into account for both the global and local angle measurement types and for the
individual phases.

```{note}

> The combination of `i_measured=0` and `i_angle_measured=n&#960/2` renders the current sensor invalid for PGM. 

Reviewer: unicode &#960 in code blocks is not supported. Instead, please use either latex

```suggestion
The combination of $i_measured=0$ and $i_angle_measured=\frac{n\pi}{2}$ renders the current sensor invalid for PGM. 
```

or plain text

```suggestion
The combination of `i_measured=0` and `i_angle_measured=n pi /2` renders the current sensor invalid for PGM. 
```

or remove the code block guard

```suggestion
The combination of `i_measured=0` and `i_angle_measured=n`&#960`/2` renders the current sensor invalid for PGM. 
```

```suggestion
The combination of i_measured=0 and i_angle_measured=n&#960/2 renders the current sensor invalid for PGM. 
```

Reviewer: fixed in [40a91d2](https://github.com/PowerGridModel/power-grid-model/pull/1056/commits/40a91d27cbbe6d4789e85b245c6afda2f32d87bb)

As a sign convention, the angle is the phase shift of the current relative to the reference angle, i.e.,

$$
   \begin{eqnarray}

>       \underline{I} = \text{i_\text{measured}} \cdot e^{j \text{i_\text{angle,measured}}} \text{ .}

Reviewer 2: Something is wrong with the formatting

Reviewer: formatting is still incorrect @nitbharambe

Reviewer: [40a91d2](https://github.com/PowerGridModel/power-grid-model/pull/1056/commits/40a91d27cbbe6d4789e85b245c6afda2f32d87bb)
